this beautiful girl's whole body was
changing in an unusual way
she touched her back with her hand
painfully pulled out a black feather
her eyes also turned bloody right after
that her legs were also disfigured
her name is nina a ballerina everyone
has their own dream
nina was no exception because she wants
to be the swan queen of the troop
every day she spends time at home at the
stairs or wherever she can to practice
she completely immersed herself in her
dance that day her chance finally came
the troupe wanted a new act and needed a
swan queen to lead the show
originally the main actor was beth but
because she was quite old
she missed the opportunity knowing the
situation nina decided to take this
opportunity
but the main character needed to show
two opposite images of the white swan
and the black swan
she relies on her own abilities to
fulfill the role of a white swan
but because of her gentle personality
she cannot turn herself into an evil
black swan
so nina went to the director of the
troop and asked him to give her a chance
but the director said she could not
complete this role well and had already
chosen the right person
nina was extremely sad and disappointed
after hearing that
she turned to leave but was stopped by
the director he intends to abuse nina
and forcefully kiss her nina bit him on
the lips and hurriedly left
the next day nina discovered there was a
crowd of people staring at something in
the hallway everyone congratulated her
nina looked closely to discover she was
cast in the lead role she happily called
her mother to tell the news
nina practiced harder she played the
role of the white swan excellently
but she still could not conquer the role
of the black swan therefore the director
personally practiced with nina
to help her to find the feel of the
black swan the director tried to seduce
nina to make her release her nature
but with her personality nina was unable
to do it in the ballroom
there is a young lady named lily whose
choreography is free and wild
a perfect match for the black swan the
director really liked her
saw that lily might replace her nina
felt immense pressure and began to
hallucinate
when she was soaking in the bath she had
vaguely seen a person's face but when
she rose
she couldn't see anyone furthermore an
unexplained wound appeared on her back
but she did not care the next day she
continued to practice
the director saw that nina did not
achieve the desired results so in the
end
he was very angry nina was fixing her
nails on the subway
there was a perverted old man licking
his lips while staring at her
after she got home nina saw lily came to
find her and wanted her to go to the bar
to relax
nina did not care about her mother's
objection and insisted on going to the
bar to have fun with lily
nina was completely at ease now after
the party she even brought lily home
nina was so drunk then she even
quarreled with her mother her mother
slapped her hard
nina was speechless she dragged lily to
the bedroom they have had a wonderful
night together
the next day she woke up to find there
was no trace that lily had arrived in
her room
when she reached the troupe she saw lily
practicing nina waited for lily to
finish practicing
then she went to ask lily why she left
her alone this morning after listening
lily changed her face she confirmed that
she hadn't come to nina's house
nina was under too much pressure to
pursue perfection she started to
hallucinate
when she washes her hands she saw a
bleeding finger within a blink of an eye
her finger became fine
during her practice she also saw her
image in the
so
started to hurt so badly she pulled a
black feather out of her back
her eyes turned red her legs were also
deformed her whole body has been changed
[Music]
the coma was over and she regained
consciousness to find her mother
watching over her
thinking that she was not in a good
mental state her mother did not allow
her to participate in the show
but nina has sacrificed a lot of things
just for this day she obviously could
not give up
she didn't care about her mother's
advice and went to the show originally
the director intended to let lily
replace her
but when he saw that today nina has an
unusually resolute spirit
he changed his mind nina quickly
completed the role of the white swan
but unfortunately she fell the director
was furious
she was so nervous and so stressed out
she returned to the dressing room only
to find lily sitting on her seat
and use her makeup provocatively saying
that she was the chosen one for the
black swan role
nina does not want to argue
she kept stabbing lily with a piece of
the broken mirror fell panicked but she
still changed clothes and continued to
go on stage to perform the role of a
black swan
at this point nina has completely
liberated herself
her expression is charming but evil she
spun around and spread her beautiful
wings
completely turning into a black swan in
the end her hands seemed to have grown
real wings
on the stage nina was like a beautiful
black swan that had a forbidden heart
the audience went crazy because of her
the director was very pleased with her
transformation
back in the makeup room she is about to
resume her role as the white swan
lily suddenly appeared and sincerely
congratulated her nina was so scared
that she froze
when she went to the place she hid
lily's body there was nothing there
she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her
stomach nina looked down to see that she
had a huge bleeding wound
it turns out that in the makeup room a
while ago she was hallucinating
and stabbed herself once again on the
stage in a beautiful appearance
she was then like a white swan with a
miserable emotion the moment when the
curtain was lowering
nina's gaze gradually calmed down ending
the dance moves perfectly
she had a smile with a happy face when
everyone was congratulating her
her dress was tinged with blad nina had
received too much pressure so she
started to hallucinate
she frantically chased after her dream
and ended up being so miserable
doesn't everyone want to pursue
perfection is it really worth it